Okay, recording now.
Okay, so there are three users, or four, potentially three or four.
First one is somebody browsing and then having a look at the website.
And the website should entice a user to go and either register an interest
or to go ahead and book for a period of time.
So for that we just need to make the landing page a bit better.
Probably need to add some more photos.
So I'll create a WhatsApp group with my sister on it because she has more photos.
And the main functionality here is for a user, the ones that have decided that they want to use it
is that, or they want to book the cottage, that they can see what dates are available
and what the prices are.
So we need to have a pricing engine because the pricing will be different based on different week.
You already have that.
Yeah, but it's not very well done.
And I guess the other user would be admin for us and we should be able to set the price for a typical week.
But there should be an engine, but also be able to override it for a price for a week, I guess.
Have you seen how OBMB does it?
No.
I have an account. I haven't done like an owner account.
So how do they do it?
Don't bother.
Because the way they do it is that the pricing is actually quite smart.
Maybe we can replicate that for the admin part.
So how do they do it?
So you just select in the calendar, like normally it's this price, but in this case, like weekend, special weekend,
change the pricing to this one.
And it's really easy to understand. I don't know.
Could you please log into the admin so I can have a look?
There is nothing on the admin site for now.
Oh, it's just the placeholder.
Is there a better?
Well, there is, but it's not.
It doesn't actually do much.
OK.
It's CSIDE 2024.
OK, there we go.
So it just tells you we could probably get rid of it.
Go back to the dashboard.
How do you check the Wi-Fi?
It just came up with it.
Oh, this is AI generated.
OK, that makes sense.
And then so let's just focus for now on what we can do.
So the admin section, so you're going to need to add a login.
With the username and password.
With the username and password.
You're going to need to add a database for that.
Yeah.
Use SQLite.
So you know it's a file based database.
And then I'll figure out a way to deploy it.
SQLite database so that every time we redeploy it doesn't wipe it.
Why would it wipe it?
Because it's a file database.
Do you know what the difference between a file database and a...
It will just overwrite it.
So we use Postgres or MySQL or Oracle, which is like an RDBMS system.
So you have a database.
And in front of the database you have a computer, an RDBMS.
All the requests concurrently go to that.
And then it realises and then it pushes it to there.
So you can have multiple connections.
Yeah.
And then the database is on a different machine.
Whereas a SQLite, all you have is the database as a file.
It's just a file.
And then the operating system manages the concurrency, which they're known because it's supposed to be for one user only.
And it manages the concurrency.
But what it means is if you put that into the repo, every time you push the repo...
It's going to wipe it.
It's going to wipe it.
Dangerous. Why do you want to use that?
Because you don't need an RDBMS system for this.
You just need a relational database management system.
You don't. It's just an operating system.
If I can just push a file and whenever the deployment has access to that file, then it will just connect to that file.
The only problem is that when you change the model, you need to change the data model on this.
And that becomes a bit complicated.
But for now, just push it into your repo.
And then every time you push it, it will update it.
But no one's using it. So it's fine.
So just do a MySQL database.
Use Prisma ORM.
You know Prisma?
Prisma, MySQLite.
See how it's done in other places.
We did that for my portfolio, remember?
Yeah. And then you use that for you put in your logging system with two different class of users.
You've got guests and admin.
So you've got, yeah.
But so you want to have one screen so both can log in there.
So you have a login in here.
Login. And then you either you log in as an admin, which we are.
Or the guest.
Or the guest. And then the admin section, you put in the pricing from Airbnb.
The thing is, and then try and work out a way to do the logic on that.
And then for the guests, they get to see the house guide emergencies.
So in like plain sight, users shouldn't be able to see house guide.
Well, no, because it's like private information.
Yeah, I think it should be private information.
OK.
And then it kind of makes sense to you, giving away the Wi-Fi as well.
Yeah. And then in the house guide, you should have the Wi-Fi as well.
It's set.
Yeah. And then we should have a way to set the Wi-Fi password in the admin section as well.
So the admin section should be Wi-Fi to set the admin password and to set the pricing.
So the way you would do that, you would either put it in the database, right, as a settings.
So you have a table for settings and then you say the name and whatever, whatever.
I'd use a JSON object. I wouldn't.
I wouldn't have a column for every kind of settings like Wi-Fi password.
It doesn't make it.
So you say key value pair, Wi-Fi password.
So you change the Wi-Fi password pretty frequently?
No, but in case you change it so we can configure it.
I have like an Euro or something as a rooster.
How can you manage the Wi-Fi?
We don't. It's probably something you could help us out with.
We'll need to put in Wi-Fi in there.
I have the Euro, you know, Euro, the Amazon one.
What is it?
So basically you only manage it through the app.
And I had that at the Airbnb as well.
And you enable guest mode.
So it enables at certain time, let's say two minutes before check in.
So it's that X amount of time like after two days because they have to check out.
Then it just stops.
So they get, they lose Wi-Fi access as well.
I don't care really.
Yeah, I don't really care.
How big is the flat?
It's a house.
How big is the house?
Like three bedrooms.
Yeah, so you've got like a pair with Wi-Fi, strong Wi-Fi as well.
You can manage through the app. You can disable it.
You can change the password for every single guest from here.
That's not a problem.
So can we do it from this interface or do you have to use our interface?
So we need we need a connection to we need to get a connection for Internet.
You'd have Internet.
No, no, because it was rented privately before.
So they did Internet heating and all that.
We need to put that in.
OK, I can check into my list.
Provider.
Yeah, so provider and a router as well.
When he set up a router and needs to be throughout the house.
Maybe I could send you down there when you're next.
When I'm here, then go down and set it up.
Yeah.
And then.
Yeah, so do you happen to have the address here?
Yeah, you need to add the address and how to get there in house guide.
Yeah, but you don't have it anywhere here.
It's closed.
No, but we need to add it.
Yeah, I need to check for the Internet coverage as well.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
OK.
And then I'd say check with my sister that what's left of the copy is correct.
Like she needs to check the copy on this once you've moved out.
And just a side note, more pictures as well.
Yeah, for the things I had at the Airbnb, which worked pretty well.
I had like a small shield with a QR code for the Wi-Fi with the password written and also NFC.
So you could tap, you can scan or you can type in the password.
That's really useful.
I mean, just put it on here on the QR code on there.
Yeah, but if you get NFC tags as well, that's so cheap.
Just tap and connect.
You don't have to do anything.
OK, where would you do that?
Where would you put it?
Yeah.
Next to the door or next to the fridge.
OK.
Arrange it.
NFC tags.
OK.
And then that's three bedrooms.
Three bedrooms.
Yeah, we're moving.
It would be nice to split.
The book now is the most important part.
Yeah, I think it would be nice to split.
I use a calendar.
I think it would be nice to split per room.
You've got like a blueprint.
Like this is the living room.
You see living room pictures.
This is the bathroom.
You see bathroom pictures.
Because right now it's just like general photos.
You can't really see the bathroom here, can you?
No.
So it would be nice to split it.
I can do that.
Split the gallery per room.
Yeah.
And the photos seem to be quite OK, quite bright.
There's loads of other photos it should be able to give you.
Yeah.
Then that book your stay.
Like we don't have Stripe or they can't pay.
So it has to be bank transfer.
So it has to be book now.
We'll send you the details or we probably give them a ring.
We can set up an email.
So when they book.
So they don't really book.
They just reserve.
And they should get an email saying like this is the bank details.
Well, once we've got payment confirmation, you will get a confirmation from the book as well.
But then how do we manage the fact that people can book the whole year and not pay?
And then suddenly nobody else can book.
So you set a deadline.
So we need to get the payment within 24 hours.
OK.
But we have to check.
So you need to set up an email server on this and send us a email address.
What we can do.
So I'm thinking which bank here provides we use Revolute API.
So you can generate like a reference number and we can do that with Revolute for sure.
We've got revenue business.
So inquire about that API because then the payment is automatic.
The money hits your bank account with that reference.
Because reference you have to check it.
How does the platform know it's valid the booking?
So imagine you send the email.
OK, we've got the booking, blah, blah, blah.
This is the reference number that you have to use.
The money hits your bank account and that hits some other API saying, oh, the money hit this.
The bank account confirms the booking.
Or you can do it the old fashioned way.
Make sure that the email, the bank confirmation, the transfer.
No, I want Revolute to send us an email when it's done.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that's just the engine for reconciling transactions or not.
So I think having a look for ready made components for calendars.
Which shard? Is that shard?
No.
Well, this is shard.
Yeah, but I tried to do a calendar.
It didn't work.
There's a component for calendar for booking.
And but how do you do it for booking?
Like you can.
Anyway, I'll let you.
Figure out how it's done on Airbnb, right?
And then just replicate it.
Yeah.
Yeah, this one.
Date range speaker.
Yeah, but you want to see what's available and what's not.
Aha.
True.
Yeah.
Okay.
So we need to update.
And then you need a date.
And the admin section, we need to be able to block book dates for us when we want to use it.
No, that's something I can do because I use Squared with Airbnb.
So we need to block certain dates.
Can you cancel a booking?
You have to ring to cancel a booking.
So we need to put that into the email as well.
Confirmation email.
No, you as an admin, you cancel a booking.
Yeah, but it needs to trigger an email as well.
Cancel a booking.
Up to how long in advance can you cancel?
Well, first cancellation policy.
Can you add it to that as a document?
Do you have it?
No, we need to come up with a cancellation policy.
Like the T's and C's, we need to add T's, terms and conditions on there.
So do you have a refund policy?
No, but just put it in the refund policy.
And then we should be able to cancel refund and all that in the, and it should trigger the...
So for Airbnb, I had full refund up to two days before the booking.
If they cancel.
Can you put it in the booking terms and conditions?
Yeah.
So we can see it.
The day of the booking, checking day, not even time checking day, no refund.
The day before, 50%.
Because then we would take the loss of one day.
But I would advise something similar because people like to...
Yeah, but in the platform we need to be able to do that.
In the admin section.
Yeah.
But that's them cancelling.
Or we can cancel as well.
Or when we cancel, we should be able to set the... how much?
In other words, yeah.
So with Airbnb, you can't really cancel because that counts towards your reputation.
So it's pretty bad, but this is yours.
So it doesn't really matter.
But you should be able to cancel out to two days before.
So people can actually make some other arrangements.
Right.
I also want in the admin section, I want you to track who's gone to how many people have gone to the website, unique users, just doing a very simple, simple way.
Simple mechanism.
I don't want like a third party.
I just want to say number of unique users coming in.
I thought you were going to say how many people are actually inside the house, which we can make happen.
No, no.
And then...
In visits.
Then I want just a simple statistics, number of users, number of...
Country.
And then we need a... you need a... in the contact us.
If you want to contact for more information before you book, we need either contact us form.
And then that should just send an email to us.
So we need to configure the admin.
So all the admin accounts, I guess.
All the... yeah.
Contact us for me to configure who does it go to.
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
Just remember something.
What?
I need to remember this Australian Bank thingy that you could bring up with.
It's due to the renewal and they haven't paid.
The service will stop, so I have to email them.
Which service?
Webflow.
Remember this... sustainable...
But this friend of yours from the Australian Bank with the oil thingy for airplanes.
You don't remember.
Ah, yes.
Anyway.
Show me.
This one.
Oh, Jim.
Yes, but he resigned.
So I've been in touch with another person last year.
I told him, like, don't forget you have to pay.
And it's due to the renewal, so I have to...
Are you still billing them?
Are you billing them?
Just for the renewal, not because I'm not updating.
And they're not asking you to update it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
What else?
I think that's about it for now.
Okay, so regarding the Wi-Fi, you need Wi-Fi and you need...
Well, we also need electricity.
What's the budget for that?
Water.
Whatever, we just hook it up.
Water, electricity.
What do you mean, water?
Well, we need to pay for all of the accounts because we're now taking it into...
Yeah, but what I meant was, do you have to get a new water provider?
Yeah, we need to sign up for Thames Water, create an account.
But these are all of the renewals that we need to do.
I want to have, ultimately, a mechanism for all the things that we need to do.
Gas?
Yeah, gas.
Like testing...
Insurance.
Exactly, insurance.
All of these things, they come up every year.
I want it on a cycle, so there's a list of to-dos.
And then it just shows that you've got to do this.
And then once you've done it, you clear it, you attach the certificate, and blah, blah, blah.
Just to remind everything.
But we can do that as a secondary release.
So basically, all it is is just a recurring to-do list with a mix of recurring as well as one-off that we need to be done.
And then it needs to just give you a warning, hey, you haven't got a gas certificate, it's energy certificate.
Do you have smoke detectors?
No, we don't have any.
So you have to have a smoke detector.
So you have to have a smoke detector.
So you have to have a smoke detector.
Do you have smoke detectors?
Well, we need to test the smoke detectors.
So then the next thing is the testing.
And CO2.
But it needs to be like someone logs in and says, yeah, I've done the testing, done the thing.
And then...
You know what would be useful as well for you?
To have Warsaw Senses, or something like League Senses.
If there's a leak, you will get a notification as well.
How?
So it's really easy. You can either get a Wi-Fi one or a SIGB one and the battery lasts forever.
But how do you sense the leak?
So you put it where you think it could be a leak, like under the sink, for example.
The moment it detects water, it triggers the notification.
No.
Okay.
Or for the smoke detectors, for these sort of things, it's actually quite useful to have them like smart home.
Same thing for the internet. When the internet goes down, you know, when it went down, for how long as well.
Because you're not there and you could tell the company, like, my internet went down for two days in a row.
I want compensation as well. You've got the logs.
So...
Okay.
But let's just do version one for now. Add it all to the...
Yeah.
To the Kanban board.
Yeah.
And crack on.
And then we'll release it and I'll add you to the...
WhatsApp group?
To the WhatsApp group?
Yeah. And then if you can send the email to things to do to both Oriol and my sister, all three of us.
So we can see...
Yeah, I'm going to have to add her to the Kanban thing.
So we can see what's ongoing. That'd be really good.
Okay, request.
You've got the email section as well in there, yeah?
Yeah, yeah. I mean, I just have yours and mine. I don't have your sister's.
Well, they'll create... there'll be admin accounts. So send them all to the admin accounts. Yeah.
So in the Kanban, just do that.
Okay.
Yeah.
Need the address. So please send it over the address.
It's El Senor Denner Road.
And one...
There we go.
Just paste it in slightly, yeah.
You can just look at it.
Is that the house? But why is it showing on sale?
I don't know.
Okay, that's a different one. It's straight in the cottage, that is.
No, it's just property sold, right?
No.
Wow, it's really gone down.
New switch.
Wait, go back.
So from 59k, from May 98...
I mean, that's not a lot more.
It should be a lot more than that.
That's more like it.
Okay, so we've got the email section.
So we've got the email section.
That's more like it.
Which...
I've got the postcode.
Wow, this is us.
El Senor.
It doesn't have a number.
I don't have a product.
My dad bought it for 42 grand.
That's nothing.
Like I could get a loan, not even a mortgage.
Oh, the internet speeds tend to be quite low over there.
Okay.
And so if we could add the to-do to the...
So that we've got... At least we get internet, all that kind of stuff.
But having something like that, I think that's not a Kanban board.
I think it's like...
The list of to-do will be the one-off and then the recurring,
which would be testing CO2, which would be...
But that thing would be like test every two months and then you would get it back on your board.
Like for the smoke detectors.
Smoke detectors, EPC, all there.
We need to figure out all the regulations.
Chimney needs to be done every year, blah, blah, blah.
But whenever you do it, like it needs to...
The system needs to tell you these are the things you need to do.
You need to attach evidence.
And then we'll need an account for the manager, the house manager.
And the house manager will manage every week, take a video.
I've done the cleaning, done taking a video, done...
I thought that was from the cleaner.
Yeah. So I want the cleaner. I want the cleaner.
House manager... No, she's the manager. She'll do the cleaning.
Like her job, it's this neighbor next door.
I want a structure in place so that I can see every week.
I can see the time uploaded. I can see the video.
I can see everything that...
Go around the house, take a video of everything, done.
All good, signed, done, upload.
And that's the manager account.
So you probably want to put the...
In the admin section, you want to put...
HATCN, you know, all the different options that you've got.
You've got on the right hand side a side drawer with...
Like to-dos or cleaning, you know, a change over.
I don't know how the layout would look like.
Or manage, change the settings for Wi-Fi and all that kind of stuff.
You know what would be nice for this?
Because it would give you, I guess, the sense of trustworthiness.
A review section after checking out.
Yeah, you could add that.
So you can add an email.
You've got like a carousel thingy with reviews.
Well, you can add an email section and all the reviews and then publish the one that you want.
Obviously, you don't want to publish anyone.
Of course.
So a feedback section sent after it's been closed out.
And that's it. I think that's a lot to be getting on with.
I think this should be a great project for you to learn.
Database, JavaScript, because you'll need a pricing engine.
You'll need the engine for making the booking.
So when a book, you need to push the book into the database, you need to check it.
If it's taken.
Exactly. So it'd be a really great project for you to do.
Yeah, that's going to be a bit tricky, I would say, to make sure that it shows the dates that are meant to be available.
Well, just write. No, it's not. It's five lines of code, dude.
Just get on a call with me and then we'll write it.
Whenever you start, just ask me and then we'll just do a screen share.
Do you think it's worth showing the dates that tend to be more expensive?
The what?
The dates that tend to be more expensive, like long weekends.
Yeah, you should definitely show in the price.
Different colour.
Different colour, yeah.
Then what if you go between two sections?
You'll have to calculate it one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Calculate it one, two, three, four, five, that day, that price, that day, that price, that day, that price.
That's the engine.
So you do a separate service.
So library, lib, services, price engine.ts.
And then you have all of your services and then you can and then your front end calls the service.
And then say from that day to that day, calculate the price.
And then it goes for each date, price for each summit, return it.
But that should be also managed from the dashboard.
Well, the server does the price calculation, but the actual pricing setting that you can set it individually.
Or the price like on this, or you do this, or you do.
Yeah, you do.
Like peak season, high season, weekend premium.
So you define, you need to define your seasons.
And then just have a base price.
And then you say plus X number, X number cows week is a week where it's really pricey.
You can't get anywhere for the festival.
There are festivals and there's cows week.
That's how it works.
Yeah.
And you can set the price for like in a specific.
I mean, that looks shit.
Just do it with a red color scheme, you know, more expensive, less expensive.
And that's the other thing.
Do you want to limit the the amount of say?
No.
OK.
And I've noticed as well.
What do you mean?
So let's say I want to look for tomorrow, but you say it's too soon.
It's too early.
It's too last minute.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just at least at least one day.
Yeah.
OK.
So I can't book for the same day.
OK.
Preparation time.
How much in advance do you show as well?
Price settings.
So we can.
It's not pricing was good.
Yeah.
You can offer weekly discounts.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do that.
We could discount.
It's my pricing.
Basically, it would set the price base on demand.
If a lot of people were looking for a flat in that area, it would increase the price
or decrease it.
Like you said, the minimum and the maximum.
And it would move on its own, depending on how many people were trying to book.
But maybe for the next one.
Yeah.
Do you charge any other fees?
Like they've got cleaning fees as well.
Short stay fee.
No.
Pet fee.
Extra.
Price all included.
And pets?
Pets.
No dogs allowed.
OK.
But then you should disclaim that as well.
That if you discover that they took a dog, they will.
But how do you force them to charge?
Because there is no credit card on file.
What do you do?
Do they have to pay the deposit that they get back?
Because OK, I read the terms and conditions.
No dog.
Fuck it.
I'm going to take my dog.
It's already pay up front.
What are you going to do?
After checking out, are you going to force me to pay more?
I don't want to.
We've got a person who will check them in.
If they could bring the dog later.
Doesn't matter.
I mean, if they bring one dog, it's fine.
But will you kick them out?
We can't.
We're not that 80-20 rule.
It's fine.
It will filter out most people.
So it's OK.
But you can't filter out service dogs.
You have to add that.
Sure.
I have to add that.
Service dogs.
You have to add that.
Sure.
Sure.
Add it to terms and conditions.
No dogos.
But service dogos are OK.
So there's quite a few moving parts there, Panda.
It's plenty, actually.
That will keep you going for a while.
Do you need to plan it out?
Yeah.
You need to really bring me in at every stage of the process
to get you some feedback.
Because don't go alone.
Because it's going to be crazy difficult for you to go alone.
But this is your first proper end-to-end with database project.
It's actually quite exciting.
That will be your struggle.
It'll be very frustrating for you.
But it will get you to the next level.
So go for it.
And on top of it, you get to stay there.
If you do a good job, you'll do the one in Spain.
And then you've got two holiday houses in Europe.
And if I do a terrible job, I don't get to stay?
Probably not, no.
But if you're not adding value, you're not going to get any value.
So...
I will.
Yeah.
I will.
And then that should sort you out.
OK.
And then whenever it's free, you can go in.
But it's free because it's costing you money.
Me staying there for like two, three days would cost you like, I don't know, 400 euro.
Why would it?
Because it's money that you're not getting from a potential booking.
Yeah, but if it's free, it's free.
It's fine.
We're not looking to profit maximize that.
We just need to get my money back.
So I don't know.
It doesn't cost us anything.
OK.
OK.
And then, yeah, so there's a few sections.
What I'm keen to do is to put all of them.
I don't know if it's like a Wikipedia notion style, Wikipedia style for all of the how does everything work?
Like how do you cut the water off?
How do you, you know, how to how to?
Where's the electricity meter?
How do you read it?
You know, all of that kind of stuff.
But who is meant to?
The house wiki guide for us.
I said means I could try to implement some sort of wiki or what I did have.
I just said build it just a very simple wiki.
Well, you've got this already a notion alternative that's free and self hosted.
And why would you build it?
Because it's too big and we only need a few few bits and bod for functionality.
OK, so it's like an eight Z.
Or maybe tweaking.
Yeah.
What it is, it's just the wiki and you have a subsection electricity, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And then part of that, like like the best practice.
Good enough.
OK.
Yeah.
But that will probably need to be probably need to be database driven because you probably want to be able to edit it.
And you want to be able to add a new wiki.
Add a category, subcategory.
And then you want to be able to add like add pictures.
Yeah.
Do you want to include like streaming services or cable TV?
Yeah, we probably need Netflix on that.
Because I mean, with the Internet, it's not too expensive, I would say.
Yeah, Netflix.
You get Sky actually with Internet.
Just Netflix.
35 euro.
Just Netflix.
OK, that needs to be added to the.
And then inventory as well.
In an inventory section where all of the big items like TVs, all of that, we just be able to add added to the inventory.
That's just another section.
So that we can Internet is quite pricey here for the species.
Really expensive, I would say.
Where?
In the UK.
Yeah, it is.
It is very expensive.
Because what you get here for 67 Max for 30, 25 quid.
I get gigabit for 20 euro.
OK, are we done?
Yes.
